# PokET: The Pokémon Expedition Tracker

PokET is an application for users to chronicle their adventures through expeditions in various locales. These expeditions are documented by the user, and the results are then cataloged into a personal Pokedex within PokET, based on the National Dex standard. With PokET, a user can easily track their progress over time through the results of their expeditions, and set future goals in regards to finding numbers of new species, obtaining various quantities of a given type, or anything else they may wish. As a primarily self-driven application, most of PokET's features require a user to be logged in, but not necessarily a contributor.

## Initialization

When PokET is loaded, the user is greeted by the home page, displaying a random assortment of Pokémon, as well as a handful of global stats for the app. Assuming the user is not already logged in, they will see a message instructing them to do so for additional features. If they are logged in already, they will see some recommendation(s) for their progress based on existing user data.

## Features

* User may view global stats and information on locales that other users have had expeditions within, featuring basic information about the locale and its confirmed contents. Locales may be filtered and sorted as the user wishes, to narrow down options that are practical to them. A logged in user may also add a new locale they have adventured on if it is not already present.
* When logged in, the user may view their own Expeditions, as well as add new ones. Expeditions on this page give simple analytics for their contents, with additional details accessible.
* Logged in users may also access their personal goals. These goals may be added, edited, and removed as the user sees fit. Goals are a wholly self-accountable piece to PokET.
* Accessing one's profile page displays a variety of personal analytics to the user relating to various aspects of PokET's logged expedition and Pokémon info. The profile page is also where the user may access their personal Pokédex.
* A personal Pokédex displays all Pokémon the user has logged through expeditions on PokET, accompanied with very basic information.

## Global Access

Of the main pages of PokET, the two that may be accessed regardless of a user account or not are the home page and the locales page. The initial home page displays various, randomly selected Pokemon as well as various user stats. When not logged in, the only stats displayed are global ones, taking the results of all users of PokET. The majority of these displayed stats are monthly, allowing a user to see trends that develop over time. If a user is logged in, in addition to the global stats, they will see a recommendation based on their own user info. By default this recommendation is a Pokémon Type the user has fewer of, encouraging them to seek an even spread of Typings.

On PokET's Locales page, a user, logged in or not, may see a list of all locales that have been visited by members of the app. Due to the potentially limitless number of locales that may be visited by users, the Locales page features the ability to search a locale by name, filter them by the region they may be found in, and change whether they are sorted alphabetically or by the number of user expeditions within them. Each locale is accompanied with a card of information, detailing the locale's region, how many expeditions have been recorded there on PokET, and the most common Pokémon that was caught there. Additionally the info card features a button to display every confirmed Pokemon captured at the locale. If a user is logged in, they may also add new locales to the app for confirmed expeditions, with checks in place to prevent duplicate locations within the same region.

## Expeditions

The core of PokET are its expeditions. On the Expeditions page, a logged in user may access and add their expeditions to the app. By default when a user accesses the Expeditions page, all of their expeditions for the current month will be displayed. If the user wishes to see past expeditions, they are given a date picking field to select or enter a month and year. Each expedition displayed on this page gives very basic information on the expedition itself. These info bits are when the expedition took place, the amount of Pokémon caught on the expedition if any, and the most common Type(s) of Pokémon caught on the expedition if any. Displayed expeditions also each feature a Details button, which when pressed open a panel that more explicitly breaks down the individual expedition. The detailed panel directly numbers how many of each Type was caught, all Pokemon that were caught, and if any Pokemon were Shiny.

When a user wishes to log a new expedition, they will do so on this page by pressing the Add new expedition button. This button will open up a form that initially asks only for a date and locale for the expedition. Under these initial fields is a button to add a new capture, which itself will expand the form to display additional fields for a Pokemon's info. The fields relating to the Pokemon capture are the Pokemon species' name, its Pokédex number, its Type(s), and whether or not the Pokemon is Shiny; however, the middle two fields will be automatically populated after the user enter's the Pokemon's name, saving them hassle. At the end of these Pokemon-specific fields is another button to remove the capture, in the event the user made a mistake and did not mean to press the add new capture button. Should any fields be left empty or otherwise invalid, the user will receive error messages directing their next steps. Upon submission, the form will close and the user's new expedition will be immediately added, showing up on the page if it is for the currently displayed month.

